add typed `function-expr`s to abnf (#466)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

| `NodesType`          | Nodelists                       |
{: #tbl-types title="Function extension type system"}

A function is typed in accordance with its result.

* Functions which return `ValueType` are `value-function-expr`
* Functions which return `LogicalType` are `logical-function-expr`

> * Functions which return `NodesType` are `nodes-function-expr`

Author: This text feels clunky and I'm open to improvements.  I considered adding it to the table above, but I couldn't figure out how to work it in.

> A function is typed in accordance with its result.
> 
> * Functions which return `ValueType` are `value-function-expr`
> * Functions which return `LogicalType` are `logical-function-expr`
> * Functions which return `NodesType` are `nodes-function-expr`

Reviewer: > This text feels clunky and I'm open to improvements. I considered adding it to the table above, but I couldn't figure out how to work it in.

How about the following?
```suggestion
Function expressions are annotated with their result type in the ABNF via the following synonyms:

* `value-function-expr` is a `function-expression` that returns `ValueType`,
* `logical-function-expr` is a `function-expression` that returns `LogicalType`,
* `nodes-function-expr` is a `function-expression` that returns `NodesType`.

~~~~ abnf
value-function-expr = function-expr
logical-function-expr = function-expr
nodes-function-expr = function-expr
~~~~
```

If the suggestion is adopted, the ABNF definitions would need deleting where they currently occur.

### Type Conversion {#type-conv}

Just as queries can be used in logical expressions by testing for the
existence of at least one node ({{extest}}), a `nodes-function-expr`
can be used as a function argument for a

> parameter of declared type `LogicalType`, with the equivalent conversion rule:

Reviewer: I think it would be better to leave the text unchanged because it is making a semantic rather than a syntactic statement.

{:vspace}
As a `test-expr` in a logical expression:
: The function must be either `logical-function-expr`
  or `nodes-function-expr`.

As a `comparable` in a comparison:

> : The function must be `value-function-expr`.

Author: This text basically becomes redundant information as the ABNF specifies it, but it may be nice for the reader to have it here as well.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to leave the text on lines 1513-1517 unchanged because it is making semantic rather than syntactic statements. Also, I think it's helpful to retain the parenthetical remark on line 1514.
